docs/API.md, before:

# API Documentation (OpenAPI)

Base URL: `http://localhost:8080`

## OpenAPI Endpoints
- OpenAPI JSON: `GET /v3/api-docs`
- Swagger UI: `GET /swagger-ui.html`
- Source spec file in repo: `docs/openapi.yaml`

## Quick Business Flow
1. Create an event
2. Create an attendee
3. Register attendee in event

## cURL Examples

### 1. Create Event
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/events' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "title": "Spring Modulith Workshop",
    "startsAt": "2026-03-01T10:00:00",
    "capacity": 100
  }'
```

### 2. List Events
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/events?page=0&size=20&sort=startsAt,asc'
```

### 3. Get Event by ID
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/events/{eventId}'
```

### 4. Create Attendee
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/attendees' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "fullName": "Karim Karimi",
    "email": "karim@example.com"
  }'
```

### 5. List Attendees
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/attendees?page=0&size=20&sort=fullName,asc'
```

### 6. Register Attendee in Event
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/registrations' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "eventId": "{eventId}",
    "attendeeId": "{attendeeId}"
  }'
```

### 7. List Registrations
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/registrations?page=0&size=20&sort=registeredAt,desc'
```

## Pagination
All list endpoints return paged response:
- `content`
- `page`
- `size`
- `totalElements`
- `totalPages`
- `first`
- `last`
- `numberOfElements`
- `empty`

Commit message:

docs+ci+test: align docs and pipeline with latest project state

docs/API.md, after:

# API Documentation (OpenAPI)

Base URL: `http://localhost:8080`

## OpenAPI Endpoints
- OpenAPI JSON: `GET /v3/api-docs`
- Swagger UI: `GET /swagger-ui.html`
- Source spec file in repo: `docs/openapi.yaml`

## Quick Business Flow
1. Create an event
2. Create an attendee
3. Register attendee in event

IDs are numeric database-generated values (`BIGINT` / `Long`).

## cURL Examples

### 1. Create Event
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/events' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "title": "Spring Modulith Workshop",
    "startsAt": "2026-03-01T10:00:00",
    "capacity": 100
  }'
```

### 2. List Events
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/events?page=0&size=20&sort=startsAt,asc'
```

### 3. Get Event by ID
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/events/{eventId}'
```

### 4. Create Attendee
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/attendees' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "fullName": "Karim Karimi",
    "email": "karim@example.com"
  }'
```

### 5. List Attendees
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/attendees?page=0&size=20&sort=fullName,asc'
```

### 6. Register Attendee in Event
```bash
curl -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/api/registrations' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "eventId": 1,
    "attendeeId": 1
  }'
```

### 7. List Registrations
```bash
curl 'http://localhost:8080/api/registrations?page=0&size=20&sort=registeredAt,desc'
```

## Pagination
All list endpoints return paged response:
- `content`
- `page`
- `size`
- `totalElements`
- `totalPages`
- `first`
- `last`
- `numberOfElements`
- `empty`

## Conflict Cases
- `409 CONFLICT` with `error=DUPLICATE_ATTENDEE` when attendee email already exists.
- `409 CONFLICT` with `error=DUPLICATE_REGISTRATION` when the same attendee is registered twice for the same event.
- `409 CONFLICT` with `error=CONFLICT` when event has no remaining seats.
